Let's try something.
We may meet again in the near future.
We got involved in a traffic accident.
Generally speaking, a waiter in Japan gives good service.
It will be 5:30 presently.
There is a cat.
People are talking about this Internet phenomenon.
Don't look into the box.
The money belongs to the company.
George set up as a merchant.
This wall feels cold.
I had a glass of beer to quench my thirst.
Thank you very much for everything.
Were you younger than Ellen?
Business keeps going from bad to worse.
An oratorical contest will be held next Sunday.
The girl I told you about lives in Kyoto.
My letter must have gone astray in the mail.
I proposed to Helen that we have a tea party.
I saw him walking alone in the park.
It's fun to take a trip in an automobile.
The pain in my heart just gets worse.
What is the best way to put an end to the war?
He was burning the candle at both ends.
I burned myself with boiling water.
I hear his business is on the verge of going bankrupt.
He made a big hit in that business.
He is home on leave.
He didn't show his disappointment.
He died a soldier's death in the battle in the cause of democracy.
I will stay at home when she comes next.
She is not old enough to travel abroad by herself.
She is a perfect dream.
Just because I'm a wolf, everyone thinks I'm the bad guy.
I was there early so that I might get a good seat.
There was an earthquake yesterday.
Free things always hurt.
I'd like to go out with her.
I simply adore reading.
This museum is worth a visit.
Today I'm going to a game again, but I need to set off earlier than yesterday.
In all her pompous majesty, carried on the shoulders of the entire football team, stood the de facto queen of the school.
I like dogs and my sister likes cats.
Heavy rains fell for more than a day.
I learn Czech.
Try this candy.
Where could I find someone to help me?
Tom gets up early in the morning.
Tom asked Mary to give a speech.
Tom spent all day trying to fix the leak in the roof.
Camillus returned to the city triumphant.
You are welcome here.
Your new dress really looks good on you.
I have a son and a daughter. He is in New York, and she is in London.
The Bronze Age came before the Iron Age, but after the Stone Age.
Like causes produce like results.
Tom has two children.
A wooden-legged, glass-eyed mother is coming.
That's the worst thing you can do!
The only students who pass are the ones who work.
When was the last time you made your wife happy?
It's the best burger in town.
I'm not sure when Tom will leave.
Are you hiding?
Students never really study seriously until just before the exams.
I can't seem to understand anything Tom says.
Let's find out who stabbed Tom.
I'm sorely puzzled.
Tom has a beautiful car.
In other words, you agree with *me*?
We made an agreement to meet exactly at ten.
Why don't you just talk to Tom?
Tom told us.
I'm feeling insecure.
Finish your work quickly.
Who took part in the contest?
My watch may be advanced by one or two minutes.
I don't know how to help Tom.
I've done what I can.
I know more about computers than you do.
I see you two have met.
Intuitively, the basic atomic unit of meaning is a word.
Do you think he will do anything else?
I understand why you feel that way.
I'll tell you what I'll do.
I'm not dating Mary.
Hello, my friends! This is Ricardo and I'm sorry for not posting here for so long. I had many, many, many troubles in my life but I couldn't let you alone. I feel sorry for that and I hope to know you better and help you better also.
Tom never asked them what they wanted.
Are you worried about me?
This is theirs.
I would like to book a room with a double bed.
Never let a drunk into your bathroom. He'll piss on everything.
Is the seat high?
One has to forget this bad year.
In my bed by night I sought him whom my soul loveth.
I lighted one.
What's the upside to that?
Without effective antibiotics, any surgery, even a minor one, could become fatal.
Tom asked Mary to call him later.
You shouldn't have read Tom's letter.
We were worried that Tom might not make friends in Boston, but he seems to be doing OK.
The new government is faced with the threatening gestures of a neighboring great power.
She squeezed his hand.
I'm going up to the bar for a drink, and I suggest you do the same.
How is Tom going to help you?
Tom talked Mary into doing it.
I want you to tell me who did this.
We'll save this piece of cake for Tom.
I've finally found something worth doing.
In your reckoning, what accounts for these phenomena?
It looks like you came prepared.
Let's park the car here and walk the rest of the way.
Immediate measures are needed.
Tom doesn't have freckles.
Tom hasn't finished his training.
Let go into the moment.
Who cooks for you?
I'm not supposed to leave here.
There's no shortage of work around here.
This is no place for a three-year-old kid.
Tom's personal life is his own.
Do you want to get us both killed?
You're the only one I know who doesn't get along with Tom.
Would you ever do that?
You've made me very unhappy.
I regret not having lived a better life.
Your sacrifice won't go unnoticed.
I'm not done with him yet.
Tell them to leave me alone.
Do you miss them?
Why don't you give him a call?
I asked him the same question.
No matter what happens, I will never betray my friend.
Perhaps I'll be able to help you.
What kind of insurance do you have?
I want to eat something tasty.
Have you ever known Tom to lie?
We've run out of gasoline.
English is a compulsory subject.
Do you have insurance?
Dinner will be served at 6:30.
Everyone loves sports.
I would tell Tom about that if I were you.
Tom and Mary became lifelong friends.
There is a someone standing at the door.
We're pretty excited about that.
Even the tail of the parrot makes others envious.
We've run out of patience.
Tom was pretending to be me.
Tom said that he would give you a book.
I think that he's trying to impress the girl who lives next door.
I love listening to you guys.
Was it a squirrel?
The last I heard, Tom was in prison.
Tom showed Mary a picture of his family.
Eva is not such an ugly girl.
We're not sure what we should be doing.
Let me fasten my seat belt!
You need an attitude adjustment.
I spank my kids when needed.
Their sources are wrong.
What were we to do?
He is disturbed.
I am passionate about ice cream.
Would you teach me how to play that song?
I didn't like the way Tom sang.
Fadil found garbage bags in the basement.
I'm not getting the results I want.
Tom couldn't believe his good luck.
Do you like seafood?
I cannot control myself.
They are rapists.
Have you had any successes recently?
The trip will only take a day if all goes well.
Layla shot nine times.
Tom said he knew something bad was going to happen.
Sami has to wait for the answer.
Tom must be shy.
Tom said he'd also help you do that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't alone.
Tom didn't seem to understand why he was supposed to do that.
Tom said he didn't have many opportunities to do that.
I didn't stand a chance of getting that job.
Do you know anyone who's gotten divorced?
I thought we weren't going to do that.
I didn't tell Tom I was hungry.
Tom died last year at the age of 30.
Tom made several serious mistakes.
I didn't realize Tom had to help Mary do that.
I don't have a sore throat.
Tom did that all last week.
Tom and I are twins.
This is the man who raped you.
I knew you wouldn't allow Tom to do that.
I still wonder why Tom wouldn't do that.
Tom will definitely agree to do that.
I'm positive Tom won't win.
Tom advised Mary to stop eating so much junk food.
Why are you so shy?
Mom bought me a very tasty burger.
Does Mary really think she's the only one here who can speak French?
The last time I saw Mary she was wearing a blue cap.
Mary showed Tom some pictures of her hometown.
Mary said she thought she should do that.
Mary said she knew Tom wasn't happy.
Mary is staying at her aunt's.
My parents died in an automobile accident when I was thirteen.
Tom needs to show Mary how to eat that.
I wonder how Tom will react.
She slapped him across the face.
Tom and Mary are very concerned about that.
Tom and Mary didn't understand what John was trying to tell them.
What did Tom and Mary say they were going to do tomorrow?
I should wait until Tom and Mary get here to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be home on Monday.
Do Tom and Mary understand what I'm saying?
I don't think Tom and Mary are correct.
Do Tom and Mary know you're coming?
Tom and Mary are on their own.
Tom and Mary are both pretty old, aren't they?
I'm going to run a marathon.
Sami's second trial began.
I already ordered the pizza.
They're from the same litter.
Tom said that he wished that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said that he was forced to do that.
Tom has no place to hide.
I'm sorry for not being here yesterday.
Tom and I were the only ones who survived.
I suspect Tom is afraid to do that.
I know Tom won the lottery.
Do you remember the time we went kayaking?
I never claimed I could do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't need to do that.
Won't you go there?
I thought that Tom wanted the job.
He in the forefront, tallest of the tall, / poleaxe in hand, unhinging at a stroke / the brazen portals, made the doorway fall, / and wide-mouthed as a window, through the oak, / a panelled plank hewn out, a yawning rent he broke.
Tom should have been first.
We can't complete this work in a day.
You're much taller than Tom, aren't you?
I hope that doesn't happen to you again.
Tom stared at the night sky for a long time and completely spaced out.
The back door was open.
You have to encode the data before you send it.
Where shall we do that?
How can someone like me get a loan?
Tom fell head-first from the roof.
Sami got six hundred bucks.
Sami took his job too seriously.
I was in Australia when that happened.
Tom and I were both happy in Australia.
I thought you said that you weren't going to smoke anymore.
Tom thinks that Mary will be ready to do that on Monday.
Tom said that I should just walk away.
Sami was well dressed.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to go to Australia.
Sami had kids older than Layla.
I wouldn't say they were wrong.
I'm almost certain we have enough money to buy what we need.
Sami was trying to get Layla out of there.
I suspect Tom wasn't really sick.
Layla's hair came back so healthy.
Sami left and Layla never saw him again.
Sami looked at him sideways.
Sami is not responsible for Layla.
Sami wasn't ready for a serious relationship.
Please scan this.
Mary said she'd never leave early.
Mary said she felt weak.
She set down her glass.
He must miss his family.
She thinks she's going to be a star.
He told us he wouldn't do that.
She said she was going to win.
They're in their bedrooms, aren't they?
Sami was sitting in the church.
They said that they weren't interested.
Tom and Mary told me that they're getting married.
Tom and Mary said they spoke French last week.
They claimed that they left early.
Where did he get that orange scarf?
I know Tom didn't know who was going to do that with him.
Tom said he loved Mary and would always love her.
I know that Tom is strong enough to do that.
Tom believed that Mary was telepathic.
Tom knew Mary was a professor.
Tom was determined to get everything done before Mary got there.
Tom will talk to us on October 20th.
I didn't not tell you on purpose.
Tom is talking to a customer.
Tom asked Mary to let him go.
There's some stew in the pot on the stove if you want some.
The trip was expensive.
When are you returning to Boston?
The ship arrived at the harbor with humongous metal boxes.
I'm sure that Tom is guilty.
They have only become more mysterious.
Sami has so much control over the way Layla lives her life.
Sami was talking to his dog.
The Beja live in the southeastern corner of Egypt.
No one noticed this.
Nations rose up, and were angry: sorrows took hold on the inhabitants of Philisthiim.
I like to play.
The Perseid meteor shower is often considered to be one of the best meteor showers of the year.
Don’t defend the murderers!
They're a devoted Muslim couple.
Did you study French last year?
If it rains, we can eat inside.
He was writing an anti-Islam book.
Do Tom and Mary help each other?
Thanks a lot for the information.
Eating too much salt isn't good for you.
I have the most ideas, and you have the best ideas.
Tom is really polite on the phone.
I hate his personality.
That's what the manager said.
Tom scaled the fish and Mary cooked them.
I don't like to talk about things like that.
He got drunk.
But is it fair?
She waited for him.
She made quite an impression on him.
She's a good mother, isn't she?
He asked her for her telephone number.
First of all, I have Algerian friends.
You both hate me, don't you?
Let's meet at the Audin Roundabout.
The bath towel is on the towel rack.
That was too harsh of you.
Today's the premiere.
Nobelium is an actinide with element symbol No and atomic number 102.
Skura and Nuja were pleased.
I never eat breakfast.
Tom wants to try to do that again.
He is the only student that ask the teachers many questions.
What kinds of sports do you do?
I was forced to tell the truth.
Tom speaks French a bit.
Tom probably isn't going to pass the test.
Tom isn't likely to wait.
I'm still trying to figure out what Tom was trying to tell me.
Tom knows how to tell a story.
I never get bored.
I admire your work.
I get emotional every time I see a child cry.
I've just written an SMS to Tom.
What time will you come pick me up?
May I ask you to write it down?
Tom arranged everything.
I'd like one of everything, please.
The Kabyle people don't like to complain too much but like to tell the truth, it is their motto.
That's how things stand.
Talking to Tom won't do you any good.
She's in the garden, cleaning her bike.
The equinox is the day when day and night are the same length.
What do you think of the soup?
Do you support Panathinaikos or Olympiacos?
Learning Esperanto is fun!
I did what Tom advised.
The liveliness of that kid is incredible.
It's imperative that you be at the meeting.
Tom buys all his clothes from the outlet mall near his house.
I'm not trying to nitpick.
Leave the door unlocked.
Yanni was considered an expert in Berber.
Terms like "woke" and "cancel culture" are used by the right as filler to disguise the lack of substance in their arguments.
Yanni was laughing the most horrid laugh Skura had ever heard.
I like listening to Japanese music.
We need to sell our house.
That sounds really depressing.
Thank you for adopting this sentence.
I'm ready to hunker down for the evening.
Geographically, Algeria has a huge potential for agriculture.
We put our suitcases down.
Tom works in this building, too.
That goes beyond the scope of our lesson.
You're way out of line, buddy.
Ziri is Shawi.
Ziri alerted the cops about everything.
Ziri and Rima had a business lunch.
Ziri dated a girl from Algeria.
I wonder if I'm okay.
I've tried to blot out the memory of him crying.
Our project is still in its infancy.
That sounds more solid.
My teacher is really beautiful.
The light has turned green, so quit looking at your phone and drive.
I wanted to go fishing last weekend, but I couldn't.
It seems a tendency that more industrialized societies create science fiction.
Do not tip if you are not satisfied with the service.
The strawberry tree is not related to the strawberry plant.
Through the pearl-grey dawn she could make out an island – or rather, she could sense that an island was there.
You must weigh up the pros and cons.
If a man knows more than others, he becomes lonely.
You know how much I love you.
You're actually right.
How did Ziri know where to pick Rima up?
Give it up for Tom on the drums!
It doesn't get very cold here.
He answered succinctly.
This ivy is growing fast.
Don't dig up the past.
I can't find an astringent that doesn't dry out my skin.
For example, since 1900, nearly 480 vertebrate species have gone extinct.
Gazans are facing high levels of food insecurity.
This isn't the kind of place I would've expected to see you.
Ziri promised to buy Rima the latest iPhone.
We should ask him what he thinks before we decide.
I'd like to be able to understand the impolite conversation of my coworkers as much as the polite conversation of my boss.
Could you lend me a dollar?
He is a very angry person.
Tom didn't like my Facebook post.
He should go away.
How did Ziri know who Rima was?
The gazelle stood on its hind legs.
But many at home are ecstatic as local markets become flooded with the king of fruits, sending prices plummeting.
The weather is sunny and nice today.
Why did you guys lie to me?
Were you wearing a helmet?
They sang alone.
We were resurrected.
You both got Ds.
Beans are cultivated in almost all areas of Bangladesh.
We should probably ask for directions.
David came to school feeling upset.
The teacher told my child they were a boy. I refuse to accept this imposition of cisgender ideology, as children are not old enough to have a gender.
Mark knew he needed to leave.
Did Tom really do it on purpose?
Michael tricked Linda again.
That's not true, and I can prove it.
What type of truck does William drive?
I'm pretty wasted.
Karl went upstairs to talk to his colleague on the phone.
Paul didn't remember opening the window.
My parents got married before I was born.
Bruno's friend was injured and needed help.
Damiano refused to use the box.
Lorenzo found a wooden ladder in the woods.
Adriano's favorite wine is a full-bodied red.
Carlos was happy to see the positive impact his company was having on the world.
The bomb exploded.
Gustavo found his way out.
Rodrigo can kill everyone in an instant.
Those questions can be answered quite simply.
That night started out super fun.
The door creaked open slowly.
Hannibal sought a path through the Alps.
The belief in Western cultural superiority often manifests in a dismissive attitude towards non-Western customs, traditions, and ways of life.
I'll feed your fish.
Say it with me.
They are bad people.
Christmas trees didn't use to cost this much.
They were forced back into the forest.
Tom used painkillers.
Boldi shouted after Martha: "Hey, stripper!"
I haven't got over that bad cold of mine yet.
What's not to do about lighting someone up, when you're sorely short of wood!
Money is important in this world.
Opportunity never knocks twice.
Where is Tom exactly?
Do you have tattoos?
Allow me to introduce my brother to you.
It's a skill that not everybody has.
We surprised ourselves.
This bed is too hard.
We're against injustice.
The author divided the tragedy into five acts.
The less he reads, the less he understands.
The only correct attitude towards today's world is that of cultivated gallows humor.
There is a serious water shortage.
Did you say Tom ran away?
Did you say your last name was Jackson?
A frozen road is slippery.
I'd like to warn you against making rash decisions.
They got there before us.
The cake is being eaten.
Do you want these flowers?
Were you alone the whole week?
Ziri sorted the clean clothes.
I use Yahoo! for Internet searches.
His spouse irritated him.
Respect sluts.
They responded quickly to maintain order during the disaster.
To act now is to prevent future regret.
They're going to be teachers.
I prefer tea.
I picked berries in the orchard.
They ran out into the street.
I feel a ting of sadness getting all through me.
I consulted my doctor.
He had a selfie with Anthony Hopkins.
We sent the letter to someone else.
There’s a chance he isn't revealing everything.
Where do you change clothes?
We still have to take an exam at the end of the school year.
You have to go through passport control.
There are only two castles in the game, one of which is the final dungeon.
By the age of thirty he had everything.
She was appointed as the EU Sherpa for climate negotiations.
